logbook/logs.md, before:

# Logbook week 1

Day 1: 2,5 hours
- Let ChatGPT create a learning path for AI: not so happy with the result because it started by zero but shouldn't.
- Let Claude.ai create a [learning path for AI](../docs/learning-path-by-claude.md): happy with the result and try to follow it.
- Started learning Python with [Python for Everybody](https://learning.edx.org/course/course-v1:MichiganX+py4e101x+2T2024/home) on edX.
- Adjusted the [learning path from ChatGPT](../docs/learning-path-by-chatgpt.md) to my goal: better results. Maybe try it later.
- Initial prompt for both chat models:
```text
I want to learn more about AI. 
I am a software developer and want to understand and apply AI models. 
I need a learning plan to acquire this knowledge. 
Create a plan for me using the platforms Coursera, DeepLearning.AI, 
HuggingFace, and https://course.fast.ai/ that is tailored to me. 
If you need to ask about my knowledge first, then do so.
```
- Did [hands-on exercise](../docs/learnings/hands-on/reading-files.py)

Commit message:

Finished hands-on exercise week 1

logbook/logs.md, after:

# Logbook week 1

Day 2: 2,5 hours
- Finished [hands-on exercise](../docs/learnings/hands-on/week1/reading-files.py)
- Added week 2 of Claude's learning path to my [learning path](../docs/learning-path-by-claude.md)
- Switched IDE to PyCharm

Day 1: 2,5 hours
- Let ChatGPT create a learning path for AI: not so happy with the result because it started by zero but shouldn't.
- Let Claude.ai create a [learning path for AI](../docs/learning-path-by-claude.md): happy with the result and try to follow it.
- Started learning Python with [Python for Everybody](https://learning.edx.org/course/course-v1:MichiganX+py4e101x+2T2024/home) on edX.
- Adjusted the [learning path from ChatGPT](../docs/learning-path-by-chatgpt.md) to my goal: better results. Maybe try it later.
- Initial prompt for both chat models:
```text
I want to learn more about AI. 
I am a software developer and want to understand and apply AI models. 
I need a learning plan to acquire this knowledge. 
Create a plan for me using the platforms Coursera, DeepLearning.AI, 
HuggingFace, and https://course.fast.ai/ that is tailored to me. 
If you need to ask about my knowledge first, then do so.
```
- Worked on [hands-on exercise](../docs/learnings/hands-on/week1/reading-files.py)
